More SUMA 5.0 containerization fixes (#2895)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/migrate-suma-to-a-container.adoc

The original server is referred to as the **source server,** while the newly set-up machine is designated as the **destination server.**

> The migration procedure currently does not include any hostname renaming functionality. Consequently, the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) on the destination server will remain identical to that on the source server. Therefore, following migration, it will be necessary to manually adjust the DNS records to point to the new server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration procedure currently does not include any hostname renaming functionality.
The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the destination server will remain identical to the one of the source server.
Therefore, after the migration, it will be necessary to manually adjust the DNS records to point to the new server.
```

> == Initial Preparation on the source server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Initial Preparation on the Source Server
```
Of the time being, we want to stay with title style capitalization.

> == Preparing the SSH Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Prepare the SSH Connection
```

.Procedure: Preparing the SSH connection
. The SSH configuration and agent should be ready on the destination server for a passwordless connection to the source server.
+

[NOTE]
====

> To establish a passwordless connection, the migration script relies on an SSH agent running on the destination server. If one isn't active yet, initiate it by running `eval $(ssh-agent)`. Then, add the SSH key to the running agent with `ssh-add /path/to/the/private/key`. You'll be prompted to enter the password for the private key during this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To establish a passwordless connection, the migration script relies on an SSH agent running on the destination server.
If the agent is not active yet, initiate it by running `eval $(ssh-agent)`.
Then, add the SSH key to the running agent with `ssh-add /path/to/the/private/key`.
You will be prompted to enter the password for the private key during this process.
```

==== 

. The migration script only uses the source server's FQDN in the SSH command. 

> . This means that every other configuration required to connect, needs to be defined in the [systemfile]``~/.ssh/config`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. This means that every other configuration required to connect, needs to be defined in the [path]``~/.ssh/config`` file.
```

> == Performing the Migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Perform the Migration
```
